Listen to, and follow, your Intuition. Life is not a dress rehearsal. Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive. Focus is like fertilizer. Whatever you put it on, grows. Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. Enjoy the little things for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. When you get discouraged, ask yourself “What would I be doing right now if I wasn’t discouraged?” Then do that! What are you saying NO to today? When you focus on the things you fell lucky about, magically you become luckier! What is the ONE Action – which if you did it EVERY day, would ensure you reach your BIG GOAL? Praying is talking to the universal creator; Meditation is listening. What rules are you following for no reason? Today did you: Make difference? Make money? Learn something new? Have fun. Get out of your head and your fears and into your heart! Happiness is a place you come from not a place to go to. You are NOT who you were yesterday, stop believing that. You are WHOEVER you create yourself to be NOW! Inspiration = 1/3 Opening yourself; 1/3 Receptivity and 1/3 the Divine. Reaching a BIG goal consists of lots of little steps – take just one step at a time. Infinite patience equals instantaneous Manifestation. Things rarely transform without your conscious attention or focus. If you want to manifest something in reality you have to take action when the Universe sends you an answer! Are you going to live or are you going to merely exist? Are you going to take action or make excuses? Not taking action = Fear. Failure is merely a feedback mechanism. My favourite Buddhist saying “To know and not to do, is still yet to know.” Cease all the mental effort and struggle the ego creates around your dreams and goals. A true master sets clear intention but accepts whatever manifests as perfection. You are never sent a dream or a vision or a goal by Spirit that you can’t accomplish or achieve. Do what you love doing! I am mindful on being kind and gentle with myself and others. Remove yourself from any environments or relationships that feel harsh or toxic. Slow down, soften and move into the energy of being kind and gentle with yourself and with the people around you. Taking Responsibility is the first step to getting what you want. Today be kind and gentle with yourself and others. I am clear on my purpose and bring my gifts to life. Each of us has our unique talent and expression to bring to this planet. What is your purpose? Your purpose is the clear, authentic expression of who you are in the world and the genius that you have to bring to the world. Growing your awareness in all aspects leads to you expanding your life. I build the support around me to help me reach my dreams and goals. By asking others to help you, you are giving them the gift of being able to contribute to you and your life. Your awareness of yourself and others grows as you reflect on your actions, emotions and circumstances. Asking for help and support is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign of strength. No person who has ever done anything great has done it alone. Awareness is the first step to change and transformation. I take time to reflect and learn. Life is found in the dance between your deepest desire and your greatest fear. “We either make ourselves happy or we make ourselves miserable. The amount of work is the same”. Why do we ever worry – when, whenever we look back at our lives it all worked out and is perfect! If you are not giving your gift each day, you stagnate and wilt away. With manifesting it is AS important to say NO to what you don't want, as to say YES to what you want! There is nothing you can do about the past. It is in the present moment you create your future. Create it now! Happiness only comes to those who appreciate what they have while they have it. However good or bad a situation is now, it will change. That’s the one thing you can count on. Everything changes, every second. Embrace change and realize it happens for a reason. What you own is not who YOU are. You shouldn’t force connections with people who constantly make you feel less than amazing. Be thankful for every experience – positive or negative. Bottom line: Just because it’s not happening now, doesn’t mean it never will. 